OBSDOCS-1562 improve COO overview, including article content (#86074)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/coo-target-users.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * observability/cluster_observability_operator/cluster-observability-operator-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="coo-target-users_{context}"]
= Target users for {coo-short}

{coo-short} is ideal for users who need high customizability, scalability, and long-term data retention, especially in complex, multi-tenant enterprise environments.

> == Enterprise-level users and administrators

Reviewer: Same comment about adding IDs with contexts to all the headings in this module

Author: Done

> Enterprise users require in-depth monitoring capabilities for OpenShift clusters, including advanced performance analysis, long-term data retention, trend forecasting, and historical analysis. These features help enterprises better understand resource usage, prevent performance issues, and optimize resource allocation.

Reviewer: I would avoid saying just "OpenShift" on its own, per our [term glossary](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#openshift):
```suggestion
Enterprise users require in-depth monitoring capabilities for {product-title} clusters, including advanced performance analysis, long-term data retention, trend forecasting, and historical analysis. These features help enterprises better understand resource usage, prevent performance issues, and optimize resource allocation.
```

Author: Done
